chore(fileselect):add note for size recommendation (#769)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/fileselect/overview.md

}
````

> >important To avoid possible issues with the file size, we recommend modifying the [Max WebSocket Message Size](http://barwicktechnology.com/2020/03/23/signalr-modify-the-max-websocket-message-size/) used for **SignalR** in your VS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>important To avoid issues with large file size, increase the [Max WebSocket Message Size](http://barwicktechnology.com/2020/03/23/signalr-modify-the-max-websocket-message-size/) used for **SignalR** in your Visual Studio project.
```
